Workday "Configure an Input Source" fix (#409)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/workday/workday-connector-studio.adoc

> |Studio Field |Description

Reviewer: lines 56, 59, and 62-65.

|Connector configuration |Global Element Properties configuration name
|Object type |One of: `ABSENCE_INPUTS`, `ACADEMIC_CONTACTS`, `ALL_CURRENCIES`, `APPLICANTS`, `BASIC_CUSTOMERS`, `CANDIDATES`, `CERTIFICATION_ISSUERS`, `CERTIFICATIONS`, `COMPETENCIES`, `DEGREES`, `DONORS`, `EDUCATION_TEST_RESULTS`, `EDUCATIONAL_INSTITUTION_COURSE`, `HEALTH_CARE_RATES`, `INVESTORS`, `ORGANIZATIONS`, `PAYMENTS`, `PROGRAMS_OF_STUDY`, `STUDENTS`, `STUDENTS_APPLICATIONS`, `WORKERS`

> |Scheduling Strategy |Configures the scheduler that triggers polling *&#8224;*

Reviewer: Is this a swear word? lol....

Author: Character 8224 is a footnote dagger

|Username |The username to log in with
|Password |The corresponding password
|Tenant Name |The Workday tenant ID, which usually has the suffix `_pt1` appended to it, such as `acme_pt1`
|===

> *&#8224;* *Scheduling Strategy* is used to to tell the source how it can poll the data. This field accepts two options:

Reviewer: minor active voice suggestion:
```suggestion
*&#8224;* *Scheduling Strategy* tells the source how it can poll the data. This field accepts two options:
```

> * *Fixed Frequency* - Polls for data every a number of milliseconds, seconds, minutes, hours, or days. The default is 1000 milliseconds. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Fixed Frequency*
Polls for data at a specified number of milliseconds, seconds, minutes, hours, or days. The default is 1000 milliseconds. 
```

> * *Cron*. Accepts an expression that polls for data based on a filter, such as, every Monday in a month at a given time. See xref:4.2@mule-runtime::scheduler-concept.adoc#cron-expressions[Cron Expressions] for examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Cron*
Accepts an expression that polls for data based on a filter, such as every Monday in a month at a given time. See xref:4.2@mule-runtime::scheduler-concept.adoc#cron-expressions[Cron Expressions] for examples.
```
